You can save search results as well as other Werkstatt pages
in your account
so that you can call them back up later.
To do this you must be logged in.
In this case we have searched for "regnum".
Here we see the search results.
We want to look more closely at the results for Marculf I,1.
Here we see the formula Marculf I,1,
the search result "regnum"
and we want to save it for later.
So we go to our account
and click on "Save this page".
We can give this page a name, Marculf I,1.
We should save the search results as well.
Then click "Save Page".
The page is now saved
and can be called up again using your account.
To do this go to your account,
"Saved Pages".
Here you see all of the pages that you have saved.
You can delete a page
by clicking on "Remove from the list".
To call a page up again
simply click on the page name.
And the search results are brought up again
along with the yellow highlighting.